370 early access app access common controls (#371)
cisagov/ScubaGoggles: baselines/commoncontrols.md

- [Data Regions](#15-data-regions-and-storage)
- [Additional Google Services](#16-additional-google-services)
- [Multi-Party Approvals](#17-multi-party-approval)

> - [Early Access Apps](#18-early-access-apps)

Author: Resolved.

## 16. Additional Google Services

> This section covers the Google services that do not have an individual control and whether these services are on or off. This section also covers whether users have access to early access apps.

Reviewer: Might I suggest the following? Not all readers will be familiar with what "additional Google services" means. The intro of the group is an ideal place to provide some context for the reader.
```suggestion
Google Workspace considers some of its services "core services," including Gmail, Calendar, and Drive. Services outside of this core offering are controlled within the "Additional Google services" portion of the admin console. This section outlines requirements relating to those services.
```

2.	Navigate to **Security** -> **Authentication** -> **Multi-party approval settings**.
3.	Ensure **Require multi party approval for sensitive admin actions** is checked.
4.	Click **Save**.

## 18. Early Access Apps
This section covers whether users have access to early access apps or not.

### Policy

#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.18.1v0.2
Early Access Apps Service Status SHOULD be set to OFF for everyone.

> - _Rationale_: Allowing access to early access apps could provide access to apps that are not needed which then creates a security risk. Disabling access to these apps mitigates that risk.

Reviewer: While I agree that there's a risk here, I don't think this rationale quite covers it. How about:
```suggestion
- _Rationale_: Allowing early access to apps may expose users to apps that have not yet been fully vetted and may still need to undergo robust testing to ensure the latest security standards are met.
```

- _Last modified:_ August 7, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - [T1199: Trusted Relationship](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1199/)
  - [T1204: User Execution](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1204/)
    - [T1204:001: User Execution: Malicious Link](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1204/001/)
    - [T1204:002: User Execution: Malicious File](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1204/002/)
    - [T1204:003: User Execution: Malicious Image](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1204/003/)

### Resources
-	[GWS Admin Help \| Turn Early Access apps on or off for users](https://apps.google.com/supportwidget/articlehome?hl=en&article_url=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.google.com%2Fa%2Fanswer%2F13515709%3Fhl%3Den&assistant_id=generic-unu&product_context=13515709&product_name=UnuFlow&trigger_context=a)

### Prerequisites

- Super Admin role

### Implementation

#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.18.1v0.2 Instructions
To configure additional services per the policy:
1.	Sign in to the [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com) as an administrator.
2.	Navigate to **Apps** -> **Additional Google services** -> **Service Status**.
3.	Ensure **OFF for everyone** is checked.

> 4.	Click **Save**.

Author: Resolved.
